backend: pgf

font.family: serif
font.size: 14.0

pgf.rcfonts: False
text.usetex: True
pgf.texsystem: lualatex
pgf.preamble: \input{header-matplotlib.tex}

lines.markersize : 3.8
legend.markerscale   : 1
legend.fancybox: False   # no rounded corners

patch.linewidth: 0.4
patch.facecolor: 348ABD  # blue
patch.edgecolor: white
patch.antialiased: True

axes.facecolor: 3a3d41
axes.edgecolor: white
axes.linewidth: 0.8
axes.grid: True
axes.titlesize: x-large
axes.labelsize: medium
axes.labelcolor: white
axes.axisbelow: True       # grid/ticks are below elements (e.g., lines, text)

xtick.labelsize: medium
ytick.labelsize: medium

axes.prop_cycle: cycler('color', ['348ABD', 'E24A33', '8EBA42', '988ED5', '777777', 'FBC15E', 'FFB5B8'])
                   #348ABD : blue
                   #E24A33 : red
                   #8EBA42 : green
                   #988ED5 : purple
                   #777777 : gray
                   #FBC15E : yellow
                   #FFB5B8 : pink

xtick.color: white
xtick.direction: out

ytick.color: white
ytick.direction: out

grid.color: white
grid.linewidth: 0.4
grid.alpha: 0.4
grid.linestyle: -    # solid line

figure.facecolor: 3a3d41
figure.edgecolor: 3a3d41
figure.figsize: 5.5118, 3.05
savefig.pad_inches: 0

boxplot.boxprops.color: white
boxplot.capprops.color: white
boxplot.flierprops.color: white
boxplot.flierprops.markeredgecolor: white
boxplot.whiskerprops.color: white
lines.color: white
savefig.edgecolor: 3a3d41
savefig.facecolor: 3a3d41
text.color: white